Author: By
Stacey Leasca

Published on September 23, 2024
Publication Date: By
Stacey Leasca
Publication Source: Food & Wine

Body:
Check your fridge. Food & Wine / Courtesy of The Food and Drug Administration  A popular alternative milk is being recalled across the nation as it may contain an undeclared allergen. On September 20, Hood and the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) announced a voluntary recall of specific 96-ounce containers of Lactaid Milk as it may contain "trace amounts of almond, which is not listed on the label," the FDA shared in its announcement. "People who have an allergy or severe sensitivity to almonds may run the risk of serious or life-threatening allergic reaction if they consume these products." As the FDA noted, the potential issue was discovered as a result of a "routine maintenance program, which revealed the potential for trace amounts of almond."It's important to note that no illnesses have been reported to date, but the product is still being recalled out of what Hood called an "abundance of caution."
  "HP Hood, the manufacturer of Lactaid Milk products, has long recognized consumer and public health concerns related to the potential presence of undeclared allergens in food products," a representative for the brand shared with ABC in a statement. "Hood’s allergen and sanitation management programs are aligned with all regulatory and industry standards." 
  Specifically, the 96 oz containers were shipped to retailers and wholesalers between September 5 to September 18 in Alabama, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Iowa, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Mississippi, North Carolina, Nebraska, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Texas, Virginia, Wisconsin, and Wyoming. It includes fat-free, whole milk, 2% milk, 1% milk, and calcium-enriched milk varieties.The recalled containers also come with the code "51-4109 P2" and a specific list of "best buy" dates, which can be found here. Both the code and best buy date can be found in the center-top area of the container.
  If you purchased the product, you can return it to the place where you found it for a full refund or exchange. Those with more questions can contact HP Hood directly at 800-242-2423 from Monday through Friday between 9 a.m. and 5 p.m. ET.
 




Save your favorite recipes in one place.
 




Mix and match recipes into handy collections.

